Add community input on skills and MCP relationship (#13)
modelcontextprotocol/experimental-ext-skills: docs/open-questions.md

**Community input:**

> "Skills are simple files that agents can load directly even if they don't have any MCP servers connected. Adding MCP to the process only for that would be over complicating something that already works well... the question becomes 'what is the optimal relationship between skills and MCP?'" — [Cliff Hall](https://github.com/cliffhall)

> > > "Skills can be beneift from MCP Servers as an "official" distribution channel from an organizations. Also, Skills _can be_ dependendent on the specific tools _only_ avaiable on the MCP server they are distributed with. I see Skills and MCP are complementary to each other." — [Yu Yi](https://github.com/erain)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> > "Skills can be benefit from MCP Servers as an "official" distribution channel from an organizations. Also, Skills _can be_ dependendent on the specific tools _only_ available on the MCP server they are distributed with. I see Skills and MCP are complementary to each other." — [Yu Yi](https://github.com/erain)
```
